I tend to do things to extremes like I
run ultramarathons so I just like that's
that's kind of how I do most things so
you treat you treat relationships like
an ultra marathon an end a test of
endurance I would avoid the [__] out of
that yeah yeah yeah in this coaching
session that happened during one of our
public q&as a Man shows up with a war
inside of himself about whether be in a
relationship or not be in a relationship
and he ends up discovering the thing
that's holding him back in all of his
relationships including the relationship
with himself I have uh an interesting
story around relationship currently and
I've heard myself often say like it's
too much work I don't want to get back
into a relationship I don't have time um
so there's like a almost like a push
pull like I want to but then I hear
myself say these things and how it's
going to take away from the other things
I want to do um what's the what's the
thing that says you you you want to what
does that sound like
like
um like what what is the specific
reasons why kind of thing well this one
is I don't have time like I won't get to
do the things I want to do what's the
four sound like what is the the four the
like for it sounds like yeah I love love
like I love relationship I love spending
my life in like sharing experience with
a person and people and yeah along those
lines so what's the hurt you're trying
to avoid if any so I think you know I
was I was married for 10 years divorced
then I was single for three in a
relationship for three and then single
for the last year okay um so in this
last year that's where this dialogue is
coming up of like you know it's a lot of
work I don't want to do it like am i g
to be able to do that and business and
train for sport and like do all that
stuff like is that going to work
together you know
so how long do you think this will last
if you just were like [__] it this is
what it is do you think in two years
you're still going to be like yeah [__]
the relationship and then
like 10 years possibly I mean I I don't
know as the answer to that like if you
had to guess there's a you got a little
like a little Cheshire Cat grin happened
when I asked that
question so yeah I mean I am a creature
of habit so it's like you know that's
just kind of the way and I tend to do
things to extremes like I run
ultramarathon so I just like that's
that's kind of how I do most things got
right so the last time I was single like
it happened for three years and then it
just so you treat you treat
relationships like an
ultramarathon an end a test of endurance
test I would avoid the [__] out of
that yeah yeah yeah yeah so
what how do you want to treat
relationships I want it to
be supportive um I want to you know I
guess like in the not sense like I want
to not treat it like a burden right um
or like an obligation yeah yeah or like
something that equals enduring pain yeah
like a race yeah yeah well I have a
weird question for you yeah what makes
you want to have endurance for Ultram
marathoning but not for
relationships like you chose a sport
that's like what is the sport that I
would have to endure the most Ultra
actually got into it like you know right
at the tail end of my divorce um and so
it was the thing for me that was like I
got to spend time alone out in nature on
the trail just you know no headphones no
music just me and my thoughts like let
the dust settle it's just kind of like
the place where I go to work [__] out
okay I got it okay
so so you right so if you knew that you
could create a relationship that was not
endurance that was
supportive would there be a question no
how much how okay great no so then what
makes it that your mind is thinking
about do I want to be in a relationship
and not want to be in a relationship
instead of how do I create a
relationship that's not an act of
endurance that's supportive and yeah so
the kind of the missing piece of this
conversation too is that like dealing
with my ex I have a 14-year-old daughter
and she lives with my ex and dealing
with my ex is not a pleasant experience
so like that
whole equation is like relationship
equals pain frustration fighting people
not listening like that right um so I
would love to believe that I could be
supportive and easy not easy but like
supportive period it can be supportive
and easy with moments of work it doesn't
have to be yeah like what you're what
you've experienced yeah
um so you're still fighting with your
ex I wouldn't necessarily say fighting
um but it's like you know we went
through attorneys we have legal
agreements and stuff and the the
challenge is even though that's spelled
out on paper to a t yeah there's still
the expectation and the like uh
disproportionate reaction to me even
going the extra mile like pun intended I
guess so so
um in your relationship with your ex MH
how do you abandon
yourself I tend to bend to what she
wants and then get pissed about it okay
awesome and with the relationship with
the voice in your head
about you should be but you shouldn't be
in a relationship but you should be or
you shouldn't be in a relation how do
you how do you abandon yourself
I just kind of look at it like yeah okay
like I just don't even entertain it it's
just a thing that happens on the
side and how is that abandonment how is
that self-abandonment I mean it's kind
of just like ignoring something I want
it's like abandoning a genuine desire
that I'm writing off as all the things I
said previously right yeah
so is this an issue about relationships
or how much of this is just an issue
about learning to abandon
yourself yeah I think that what happens
to the next relationship you're in if
you don't abandon
yourself it's definitely
supportive yeah yeah yeah so right now
in this moment you're abandoning
yourself less than you did at the
beginning of the call like I see you
here with me in a different way than at
the beginning of the call that means any
moment in life there's like kind of a
spe of
Abandonment right self how how am how
abandon am I going to be with myself or
not be with
myself so what if that just becomes the
yeah yeah so like what would you say is
the opposite of not abandoning myself
you just did
it I just abandoned myself yeah
more okay there you there you are so ask
the question from that space from the
nonabandonment space if there is if
there even is a question to
ask I I can't even ask the question
without do without going to that same
place it's fascinating that's right
yeah okay yeah H okay that's helpful
yeah so you have an you have this
endurance mentality which can actually
make transformation quite
challenging because there's a feeling of
like oh I have to endure this
pain which is like a different thing
than transforming the pain right so
there's there's a bit of that and you've
been you I'm sure you endured your wife
for an extended period of time before
you got the divorce like I yeah so if
you're going to use that
mentality use it I am going
to do what I do for 150 miles on the
trail with what you just did here with
me for the last minute which is yes and
you're doing it right now you've got it
yeah it's a very tangible feeling like I
I feel what I feel it yeah yeah you and
you know it because of you're running
because I know you hit the state and
you're running yeah and so the thing is
you don't need to be on the trail to be
there you can just just this and that's
that's that's the job and don't what
your mind's going to do its chatter just
like it does when you're on the trail
you're like the mind is like okay man
this sucks you should give up you're
like boom put you aside I'm here and
that's your
job love that
sweet beautiful thank you pleasure